Update do you know when to send a 'done' email in scrum? (#7708)
SSWConsulting/SSW.Rules.Content: rules/3-steps-to-a-pbi/rule.md

This should be easiest part!

> 1. Close off the PBI by replying 'Done' inside the PBI and also in the email thread. [See the rule](/done-do-you-know-when-to-send-a-done-email-in-scrum) for more details.

Reviewer: What do you think about this change? 

```suggestion
1. Close off the PBI by replying 'Done' inside the PBI and also in the email thread. As per [Done - Do you know when to send a 'done' email in Scrum?](/done-do-you-know-when-to-send-a-done-email-in-scrum) for more details.
```
